hey guys is toy today I wanted to talk
about certain things that I used to do
in my natural hair care regimen that I
no longer um it's kind of a dream day
out I don't have any makeup one today
except to my eyebrows you know I've got
to have my eyebrows on but um so forgive
the pail looking well I'm always fell it
yeah but bumps and things you see that
yeah we'll talk about that in a later
video I'll tell you all about that
cumple that Kamal has arrived in an even
believe there um so one of the things
that I used to do in my natural hair
care regimen that I wanna do anymore is
finger detangle I try it out finger
detangling for a few months I believe
that I started somewhere around June and
I stopped doing it last month enough and
um I'm going to tell you what my
experience was like we're friendly
tangling in the very beginning I found
it extremely difficult I felt like I was
not getting all the knots and tangles
out I felt like extremely time-consuming
while I was standing in shower trying to
get each little section to behave and
not you know curl back up on itself and
not up again I found that when I was
styling my hair my hair needed a lot
more smoothly so I was still detailing
and smoothie it just was a whole lot of
work a lot more work than my wife took
home a lot more work than my denman
brush um so I said you know what I want
to do what's best for my hair everybody
says detangling with your fingers is the
best thing to do stop for a bitch and
things like that so that's what I did I
finger detangle for the most part of the
summer and into the fall and then last
month sometime I decided either october
november i decided that i didn't want to
do the finger detangling more and the
reason being is because it created more
nuts in my hair I have very nice I don't
know to me is like a disorder just about
i mean the very nice people coming back
and then come back in the same place
right back here so when i decided to
start my roles thats all over again you
know get back into my
set the scene roller set my hair take
the rolls out I couldn't believe how
many fairy not had came back in my hair
after doing that for finger detangling
thing for several months I had serious
very nice and talk about breakage okay
so you can have breakage or you can cut
your hair and that's what I end up doing
I took about an inch off all the way
around and then some spots are a little
bit shorter than others because I had to
go in there and sniff away some fairy
not here fairy not there or whatever I
don't like carrying out the whole life
on my hair some people don't mind them I
do I did I don't like him in my hair I
don't want them tonight okay so yeah
finger detangling I'm not doing that no
more new mmm i use my wire to home in
the shower and occasionally i use my
denman brush I use my diamond brush um I
don't know whenever I just feel like I
need to get my hair and make sure I
don't have any that but on the most part
since I've been doing my hair like this
with all upset to my hair is pretty much
detangle when I go to wet it is really
little easy to tangle with large tooth
comb and I just feel like I'm just
getting I'm beginning the knots out and
then as I'm roller setting I'm using a
small to clean the smooth my hair to
make sure I get all the NASA and I it's
been doing really well I I'm just going
back I'm going to old school that I'm
going to also i'm doing all the things i
used to i'm so tired of this whole um
told you this don't do that stuff with
the whole natural hair thing whatever I
as you notice my name has changed is
healthy hair though nail um I'm more
focused when the help of my hair and the
health of people who want sam healthy
air hose anything says I don't know but
what is it that you used to do where you
try it out that you will no longer do
that's a popular method here and uses
for international here even in a comment
below